super bravo victory was until
butt with the guts was
to look for her
yeah sure but first really
thank you thank you all because you
really pushed me
it is on these resumes your breath
very complicated damages I knew that
I was going to have to run a lot I think
that I fought I believed in
me until the end really in
the weights you really pushed me to
every time it's magic here not
so magical
exactly where did you find
this energy had gone to two points
from victory to fourth you've been
often selling there were plenty of
turnaround how you
do
I honestly have to think about
very simple things really take
part for me it was not easy i'm going
so really quickly I try to
hang on I said to myself here it's going
one moment
a weakness a second ball a little
right fault to powder acceleration
I really try to take you to each
point every time and I believe I have
a small opportunity I managed to
to do and here I am
and I'm sure that having your
dad in the stands the dot of
the energy also me it's sure it's me
does good that I believe it happens
my father my mother too my little brother
all my family my friends bravo thank you
thank you thank you bridge
I imagine you can have legs
very heavy
now room for recovery because
that you have another tough match that
waiting for you against gulbis me for sure
it's a game and tables but here I am
do is get well
I heard it was raining
perhaps an extra day but really
here we will try to recover well
to be really form Wednesday what